Feature/add logger to rin (#7194)
woocommerce/woocommerce-admin: readme.txt

== Unreleased ==

> - Add: Add a logger to Remote Inbox Notifications #7194

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Add: Add a logger to the rule evaluator #7194
```
